This is my house.
It's not big, and it's not small.
But I like it.
Three people live here.
This is Matt.
Hi. I'm Matt.
This is David.
Hello. My name's David.
And that's me. Hi, Helen. Pleased to meet you.
So, there are three people.
But there are four bedrooms.
So today is interview day.
What's your job?
I'm a jazz musician.
Really? What do you play?
The drums.
But he's very quiet ... and friendly.
No dogs?
Sorry.
One hundred and fifty pounds a month? Great!
Er, no.
One hundred and fifty pounds a week.
Sorry.
Where are you from?
Edinburgh. But my job's in Oxford.
Good.
This is a nice house.
Thanks. We're happy here.
OK?
- OK, Anne... - Cigarette?
I don't smoke. We don't smoke, do we?
Er ... No.
We don't smoke!
Oh.
Sorry.
This is terrible.
Who's next?
Her name's Jane. She's number eight. She's the last.
So, Jane, tell us about yourself.
Tell you what?
Anything.
I'm from Brighton. I'm a drama teacher.
I don't smoke. I like films. Goodfood.
Goodfood?
Yeah. Italian, French, Chinese.
Do you cook?
Yes. I'm a very good cook.
Do you have a dog?
No.
- A cat? - No.
No animals?
Do you play the drums?
No.
Trombone, violin, saxophone?
Nothing.
That's great, Jane. It's your room.
Fantastic!
When can you move in?
- Next week? - This week?
- Tomorrow? - Sure.
Welcome to 53 Blackwood Road.
Thank you. Thanks a lot.
So now there are four of us.